This file is generated by
`pandoc -t markdown_strict --citeproc readme.src -o README.md`.

# Collision Detection Bibliography

Chen, Xiao-Diao, Yin Zhou, Zhenyu Shu, Hua Su, and J-C Paul. 2007.
“Improved Algebraic Algorithm on Point Projection for b' Eziercurves.”
In *Second International Multi-Symposiums on Computer and Computational
Sciences (IMSCCS 2007)*, 158–63. IEEE.

Eisemann, Martin, Marcus Magnor, Thorsten Grosch, and Stefan Müller.
2007. “Fast Ray/Axis-Aligned Bounding Box Overlap Tests Using Ray
Slopes.” *Journal of Graphics Tools* 12 (4): 35–46.

Ericson, Christer. 2004. *Real-Time Collision Detection*. Crc Press.

Gilbert, Elmer G, Daniel W Johnson, and S Sathiya Keerthi. 1988. “A Fast
Procedure for Computing the Distance Between Complex Objects in
Three-Dimensional Space.” *IEEE Journal on Robotics and Automation* 4
(2): 193–203.

Gottschalk, Stefan, Ming C Lin, and Dinesh Manocha. 1996. “OBBTree: A
Hierarchical Structure for Rapid Interference Detection.” In
*Proceedings of the 23rd Annual Conference on Computer Graphics and
Interactive Techniques*, 171–80.

Macklin, Miles, Kenny Erleben, Matthias Müller, Nuttapong Chentanez,
Stefan Jeschke, and Zach Corse. 2020. “Local Optimization for Robust
Signed Distance Field Collision.” *Proceedings of the ACM on Computer
Graphics and Interactive Techniques* 3 (1): 1–17.

Majercik, Alexander, Cyril Crassin, Peter Shirley, and Morgan McGuire.
2018. “A Ray-Box Intersection Algorithm and Efficient Dynamic Voxel
Rendering.” *Journal of Computer Graphics Techniques Vol* 7 (3): 66–81.

Reshetov, Alexander. 2017. “Exploiting Budan-Fourier and Vincent’s
Theorems for Ray Tracing 3d bézier Curves.” In *Proceedings of High
Performance Graphics*, 1–11.

Reshetov, Alexander, and David Luebke. 2018. “Phantom Ray-Hair
Intersector.” *Proceedings of the ACM on Computer Graphics and
Interactive Techniques* 1 (2): 1–22.

Serpa, Ygor Rebouças, and Maria Andréia Formico Rodrigues. 2019.
“Flexible Use of Temporal and Spatial Reasoning for Fast and Scalable
CPU Broad-Phase Collision Detection Using KD-Trees.” In *Computer
Graphics Forum*, 38:260–73. 1. Wiley Online Library.

———. 2020. “Broadmark: A Testing Framework for Broad-Phase Collision
Detection Algorithms.” In *Computer Graphics Forum*, 39:436–49. 1. Wiley
Online Library.

Tan, Toni, René Weller, and Gabriel Zachmann. 2019. “SIMDop: SIMD
Optimized Bounding Volume Hierarchies for Collision Detection.” In *2019
IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems
(IROS)*, 7256–63. IEEE.
